In the previous section,
we saw the option to import from gallery when we were creating a new dashboard.
If we click import from gallery,
we see the Google Analytics Solutions Gallery appear in a modal window.
Let's give ourselves a little more room to work with.
Let's just close out of this modal window for now,
open up a new tab and search for Google Analytics Solutions Gallery.
Let's click Browse.
There are many selections that we could make in the left panel.
We can filter by type of asset we want to import the configuration for.
Some of these assets will probably be a little more useful than others.
To me, something like a goal or
a channel grouping is probably a little too individualized for me to want to import.
Potentially attribution model, definitely channel grouping, dashboard, and segments.
Those are really the classic shareable Google Analytics configurations.
On the top we see Occam's Razor Awesomeness from our friend Avinash.
If we click import,
let's note a couple of things here.
One is that we're being asked to view that we want to import
these configurations into and we're not importing any data.
Just the configurations.
That will work with the data in the view.
Also notice we can import many configurations at one time.
There are a number of segments and custom reports
and one dashboard included in this one import.
You can deselect any assets that you don't want to include in the import.
Let's cancel out of this for now,
and let's look at some other options for filtering.
We can also filter by category, custom reports,
dashboards, and segments certainly can have a specific category focus.
Let's select site optimization.
Let's import the site performance dashboard
from another one of our Google Analytics friends, Justin Cutroni.
We can import directly from here.
Select a view, what's important to the Master View of the merchandise store.
We don't have to worry about importing into a test view first
because none of these assets will alter the underlying report data.
So now, we have a site performance dashboard.
If you did decide that this dashboard wasn't right for you,
you can either edit it or you could delete it.
No harm done at all.
Make sure to experiment with importing custom reports
and dashboards and segments from the Solutions Gallery.
It's always good to get ideas and
inspirations from others in the Google Analytics community.